well he did it
doublelift and teamliquid 302 hundred
thieves I'm in Miami right now with
coverage presented by Omni slash to talk
to him after his match
so doublelift you went on stage today I
think I actually there were a ton of
people they did my podcast the other day
a lot of fans predicted hundred thieves
there are just a lot of support for
those guys and we I think a lot of
people didn't know which way it was
gonna go but it was so one side and
dominant why do you think that is I feel
like the momentum of the series just
totally changed after the Barons seal
like I remember in Game one I felt so in
control I think I was like 30 or 40 CCS
ahead of Cody and we were just owning
ball it but the game was actually
extremely close I think they had a
really strong wing condition with Rhys
and and like it was extremely tense and
then I died and I feel like we should
have lost Game one if Jake didn't steal
that baron everything would have been
different that momentum would have been
against us and you know they wouldn't
have been so demoralized after after a
great performance from Game one but then
we just quickly ended the game after
that and it was like so then after that
I feel like they started playing one
more scared I noticed like I started
notice how nervous they were playing and
we were we just kept calm and we just we
never tilted we never lost focus and it
looked really zombie I guess but to us
we respected hundred thieves so much
there's such a good team
I was really nervous honestly like I
stayed up until like 4:00 a.m. every
night thinking about what they could do
talking to Olay and yeah so much of this
watching watching this game reminded me
so much of 2015 MSG you and two other
members of CLG a 3o against a highly
rated team I remember there's an
interview I did with you afterwards
where you talked about how you felt like
in the game you could turn game losing
moments into game winning place because
of the fact that your teammates were
there right and there were moments on
this game in this series where maybe
things weren't going well on bot lane
but all of a sudden like xmithie gets
the smite or pole-vaulter gets like the
crazy ultimate that ends up
what what is it like for you sort of in
comparison to that 2015 MSG win I think
it's really similar when I play with
this team I feel like we can't lose cuz
we just can't lose like everyone is so
solid and even if we're behind I know
we're gonna find a play to come back and
when we're ahead we're gonna snowball
clean and not throw and like everything
just feels right with this team it
really reminds me of 2015 CLG I hope we
don't have the same unfortunate end as
that team but everything is just going
right for our team because not just
because of like oh we got this roster
together we're magically good like we
struggled so much and we practice so
hard so that's why you know it's
interesting watching you or hearing you
say all that stuff because halfway
through the split you and I had personal
conversations about just how didn't feel
like the team was in sync and and always
played out that way on stage so what
what happened to go from a situation
where he you know everything felt so
rocky and up and down to moments where
to now hearing you say like it just
feels like playing with this team you
can't you can't lose well the biggest
thing is just to be confrontational with
each other in a productive way and I
think this is like something that is
literally it's important in everything
with friends with relationships with
just like everything that you want to
get in life that asks you with other
people you have to confront them about
problems but do it in a way that like it
can be solved like actionable feedback
and for the first half of the split we
didn't do that like our environment was
very like treading on thin ice we didn't
want to step on each other's toes and
like get people tilted we didn't wanna
be the I didn't want to be the first guy
to make environment toxic but it but
like that's such a bad mentality I think
after we have the really big sit-down
and I just kind of we all just sort of
bent it to each other about frustrations
we had things about ourselves and about
each other that we didn't like and we
wanted to get changed
everyone on the team I felt you know
like we're it's kind of strange like we
are teammates first I guess we we know
that we want to win and we wouldn't say
anything negative without without there
being a reason for it so
we talked it out over weeks and I guess
we just struggled super hard and
eventually we came to the right answers
now I do want to give you your moment
here because TSM removed you from their
roster they did not make finals
you just won finals in a dominant
fashion does this feel validating for
you to be here in a situation where they
didn't even get to play on the stage it
feel a lot more validating if they were
salty about it but I got so much support
from former TSM player like I'm Han
stairs
bjergsen spence karen they all messaged
me even Vincent message to me and like
wish me well and and you know like they
they showed their support especially
after you know the terrible thing
happened in with my family and it would
feel I still feel validated I still feel
like oh wow like I got it I got out
ahead on this like it was I turned this
negative situation for me into an
amazing situation for me and my team and
I'm really happy about that so it's kind
of like less to just like rag on them
and more about Team Liquid now you did
touch on it just now and I know that it
seems like riot out of respect I think
didn't mention it on the broadcast or
whatever but you have had an insane week
and from the moments right after last
week's match to playing now you've had a
deal with all that we don't need to
discuss the details but I would like to
know a little bit about what going
through this week like has been like for
you as you've built up to this moment um
I kind of just crushed on my teammates a
lot and I whenever I started thinking
about it I would not in an attempt to
run away but in a sense you just be
constructive with my time I would not
like let this thing consume me I would
you know I would just channel my focus
and energy on being closer to my
teammates and and practicing as hard as
possible and like just really like min
maxing our time you know I would think
about like oh I'm gonna sleep seven and
a half hours exactly and practice
between this and this time and with and
I'm gonna do with oleh furs like these
number of games like I thought about
everything and I really was super
nervous and just overthinking things
coming into the finals but
my team like always had my back and
really grateful that I could like kind
of just lean on them yeah
did you I mean there were so many people
on reddit and Twitter and Facebook and
all over the place and I think to the
extent that like I was almost worried it
was a little overwhelming Steve and I
think tried to field personal messages
from from the friends and all that but
what was it like just seeing all of that
and how much of it did you allow
yourself to to take in oh I've really
been I've been staying off social media
a lot recently not because like I I
really appreciate everyone who sent me
initially like I read everything I read
the reddit thread I read just every
online article all of my Twitter DM z--
and mentions and stuff and and I was
like overwhelmed by the support in a
good way in a really positive way I was
so happy about it and then I realized
that like that small satisfaction I get
that's small like happiness I get from
that he's not really worth the just the
concept of of making this week about
that I think just like here just people
giving me their sympathy and support
because of what happened it's like it's
nice but I didn't want to always have
that on my minds so I kind of show
myself out and I finally made a tweet
like one week later about about the win
after I match but I mean just to all you
guys like I'm super grateful and it was
amazing experience to be here at the
fillmore and and everyone was chanting
double if that was the craziest loudest
fan I've been a part of there was a
there was an immediate conversation that
took place right after the news broke
where people were saying right should
postpone finals or you know Peter
shouldn't have to play or that you there
was a question about whether or not you
even would play for me knowing you that
felt crazy because it's it seemed like
there would just be nothing that would
stop you even the surrenders event from
from competing on stage and so I'm kind
of curious like did you did you consider
at all just like not being a part of
this or taking this lease Finals off no
I've never considered it for a moment
like I I remembered that one of the
first things Steve did was like hey
you need anything like if you don't want
to play then that's absolutely like a
hundred percent okay you don't need to
feel like indebted or anything else I
was I was like incredulous like like
what what do you mean like I'm not gonna
play like why would I not play and I
think that's my fans get to know me
better you know they'll realize that
like this is my life and without
competition and without my fans I would
just be a normal person and I don't want
to be a normal person so of course I'm
just gonna nothing's gonna stop me yeah
nothing I know you kind of said this
already but anything you want to say to
any of the fans that watched you compete
today um thank you guys for your
supporting me I guess thanks for
supporting my team I think this finals
really wasn't about me it was about team
looking 400 thieves and I wish I popped
off and had like this crazy moment but
really like our team we play around
everyone equally and everyone had their
moments to shine and it's in the series
and like I'm just so happy that I don't
know my fans have stuck with me all the
way and supported every decision that I
made I felt like I got a positive
response so I love you guys well I I
know you haven't seen Bonnie but she's
in I wish I could say she's right here
but uh she's in she's in town so I'll
let you get over to see her but thank
you so much for the any of you
congratulations on the win very proud
and happy today for you and for everyone
else you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel hey I want to
thank Peter so much for doing that
interview that was really nice of him
and it's really cool to see him sort of
I don't talk so openly about the support
that he got from the community meanwhile
I am in the uber right now because
burden I forgot to film outros and we're
on our way to the airport with some
friends so thank you so much Omni slash
and please subscribe for more awesome
content